Welcome to the next lesson on data and machine learning infrastructure.
To this point, you've learned about data science,
how it fits into the business,
and how to staff and manage data science initiatives.
This lesson provides the final piece of the puzzle.
The technical infrastructure needed to support a business's data science initiatives.
After this lesson, you will be prepared to complete
the capstone project of building a business's data science strategy.
Upon completion of this lesson,
you'll be able to successfully carry out the following tasks.
Given a particular business context,
you'll prepare a detailed data and data architecture strategy.
You'll also be able to detail how
a machine learning architecture strategy fits
into the business's data and data architecture strategy.
Finally, you'll be able to identify the strengths and
weaknesses of a given businesses data and data architecture strategy.